---
templateKey: blog-post
title: First
date: 2020-10-27T16:10:15.570Z
description: On October 14, a New York Post story presented evidence that Hunter
  Biden had monetized access to his father, Democratic presidential nominee Joe
  Biden. The exposé, based on the hard drive of a laptop computer alleged to
  have been owned by the younger Biden, may or may not hold water. It is,
  however, worth noting that no one has ever explained what else, besides the
  prospect of a direct connection to the Obama White House, could account for
  Ukrainian energy firm Burisma’s decision to make then-Vice President Biden’s
  dysfunctional son a board member and pay him $50,000 a month.
featuredpost: true
featuredimage: /img/igbo-community-of-hashem.jpg
tags:
  - "#Tribe"
---
<!--StartFragment-->

On October 14, a *New York Post* [story](https://nypost.com/2020/10/14/email-reveals-how-hunter-biden-introduced-ukrainian-biz-man-to-dad/) presented evidence that Hunter Biden had monetized access to his father, Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden. The exposé, based on the hard drive of a laptop computer alleged to have been owned by the younger Biden, may or may not hold water. It is, however, worth noting that no one has ever explained what else, besides the prospect of a direct connection to the Obama White House, could account for Ukrainian energy firm Burisma’s decision to make then-Vice President Biden’s dysfunctional son a board member and pay him $50,000 a month.

The pixels had barely dried on the *Post* article before it generated, then became intertwined with, a controversy about the controversy. Within hours of its appearance on the newspaper’s website, two of the biggest social media platforms, Facebook and Twitter, took steps to suppress the story. Facebook announced that, pending an independent assessment of whether the claims were accurate, it had adjusted its operating software to make it more difficult for users to share or discuss the article. Twitter went further, flatly preventing users from sharing the “potentially harmful” story. It also froze the *Post*’s own Twitter [account](https://twitter.com/nypost?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor), which has had no new entries for the past 11 days, as of this writing.

<!--EndFragment-->